Fix Colour Bar Scales on Ragged Workspaces (#28245)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v5.0.0/mantidworkbench.rst

  This has the effect on some Linux environments of removing the ability to minimize the figure. The control within the Plots toolbox still allows visibility to be toggled on/off if required.
- There is now appropriate protection around setting the colorbar scale to logarithmic while the min and/or max value is negative.
- Toggling error bars on a line with markers no longer causes an unhandled exception.

> - Colour bars on colour fill plots of ragged workspaces are now correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Colorbars on colorfill plots of ragged workspaces are now correct.
```
Also could this be more specific?

> - The scale of the color bars on colorfill plots of ragged workspaces now uses the maximum and minimum values of the data.

Reviewer: This release note needs to be in 5.1 now.
